Well
hello everyone and welcome back on the channel well
today as you know we talk about iphone 5 c
and 5 s I did somersaults for
bring you this video so fast
I had to connect to connections
even faster than the 10 megabits
absolutely upload
fast and make a very fast rendering
so if you excuse me if you find any
small video editing error
I did all this in one speed
absurd from 7 am I am working on
tankan fears tirelessly and i'm
really working for you though
during the speech I will commit myself to some
once you have some good with
me because I'm talking without being
read something i'm simply
watching the news and explaining to you
what they are saying in the keynote
mainly ios 7 was talked about with
all the news that this system
operational has imported the new one
interface
the new radio itunes will be
introduced in any iphone 4 all
up and then with all the news that
ios 7 brought and philly did
this to prepare us for the real news
that news would arrive unfortunately
but they disappointed a little because of her
we all knew the iphone 5 was
presented and was the same shown in
the same plastic noise that they don't
they call it plastic but they do as they do
samsung call it polycarbonate which it is
mainly an iphone 5 with a cover
in plastic and will be offered at a price
of about 370 it is not known yet in Italy
they only showed two contracts of 29
euros per month
so this will be the iPhone 5 c
here you will see some screens that you
they go on we will have the same chip too
of the iPhone 5 of the iPhone 5 which will be one
at 6 but will be redesigned we would have
however the same chip put in place for
this new generation we will have the
same 8 megapixel camera
eyesight a front camera from hd
to do facetime and we'll also have
facetime audio which is the possibility of
call via facetime only via
audio we will have lte
also on this other smartphone that
allows more than 100 megabits in download
from what appears from the keynote maybe yes
will reach 150 megabits per download
we will have the 802.11 wifi abgne the
bluetooth 4.0 we will also have a cover
shabby that apple introduced us to that
unfortunately it will cost 29 euros
it will be a terribly ugly cover
unfortunately this cover will really be
ugly because it looks a little like custody
in my opinion meliconi but never mind
are comments
it will cost the beauty of $ 29 then
an exaggerated stuff after having
shown some video in which people
he was holding the iPhone 5c and yes
showed good thanks to the iphone 5 c no
ok, closed parenthesis was shown
the iphone 5 if even here one
desperation as we already had
We knew everything we already know all there
I will be the black iPhone the white iPhone and
the gold iPhone and the design will be the same
of the iPhone 5 s of the iPhone 5
if not for the button that will be the
home button completely according to them
completely but it is mainly
redesigned the home button and not me
like because I liked provides for the
home button that keys that
that square label it showed
on the key here there is no more in this one
new version of the home button
the main novelty, however, of the iPhone 5
s in the iphone 5 cover indeed
will have a new chip called 7 and is the
first 64-bit chip on a smartphone
therefore ios ios 7 will run on platform a
64 bit
the processor to not leave you too many
specifications will have more than one billion
transistor and will have a size of 102
mm
in the die the cpu performances
should be more than 56 times more
fast of the old woman of the old
generation then apparently
we should have a big increase
in fact, there has also been in the video
shown how this device does
will involve with infinity blades etc.
obviously you will see a lot of others here
screen with other news and so on
also talked about camera in this
keynote and we will have practically one
camera completely redesigned the
camera will have a brand new optics e
the first will have excellent functions
function that will be the main one in this
device is that it will have a sensor more
15 percent off will always have 6
slow and will have an opening that can
get up to 2.2 then for effects
of depth of field who can who
he knows of photography he knows what I am
speaking
the sector should also have one
back interior lighting for
allow to shoot also in
I die a little and will have one
burst mode which is printing between
will make a lower quality photo but
will allow you to take 10 photos per second
but the most important news is the
possibility to make snow motion movies
at 120fps and you will say but it will be one
360 p quality
no the quality will be a little like 720p
what every hour
on the iPhone 4 sin that my videos
I'm at 30 fps
the staff also showed all of them
photographs of our device
device will also allow you to
take photographs at 28 megapixels in
panorama mode
you will be asked why the home button
It has been changed
simple because in the home button there is a
then fingerprint sensor
we will be able to block our device
no longer with the code but with the imprint
digital and this year also convenient for
example to make purchases on
itunes where it will no longer be necessary to
password but it will be enough to the imprint
digital
Hi everyone if this video is you
liked betti remember to put a nice one
I like it
subscribe to the channel and buoys that I tell you
follow the channel here for the news
they come before everyone else
first of all hello a greeting from lexus
prost hello